Task 1.1
A structure can consist of elementary components (they have no parts) and composite
components (sequence, selection or iteration). A sequence has two or more components.
Selection consists of two or more parts, only one of which is selected. Iteration consists of
one part that repeats zero or more times.

Task 1.2
The header is a sequence composite component containing customer name and address.
The body is an iteration composite component contain ing repeated products and their quantity, etc.
The payment method is a selection composite component containing either cheque or bank card.
Repetition is shown by an asterisk(*) in the corner of component s that are repeated .
Selection is shown by a circle in the corner of components where only one is chosen.

Task 1.3

WHILE EOF
IF salary > 50
IF salaey >= 90
Role <-- AssignProjectManager
Role <-- AssignLeadDeveloper
Role <-- AssignManager

Task 1.4

under Salary >= 90 FALSE
add salary > 70 (selection)
When TRUE -- Assign Consultant
When FALSE -- Assign Lead Developer

Task 1.5

IF salary >= 90
  THEN
    Role <-- AssignProjectManager
  ELSE
    IF salary > 70
      THEN
        Role <-- AssignConsultant
      ELSE
        Role <-- AssignLeadDeveloper

Task 1.6

```python
def role(x):
  if x > 50:
    if x >= 90:
      return 'project manager'
    else:
      if x > 70:
        return 'consultant'
      else:
        return 'lead developer'
  else:
    return 'manager'
```

Task 2.1

Toy
Name: STRING
ID: STRING
Price: FLOAT
MinimumAge: INTEGER
Constructor()
GetName()
GetID()
GetPrice()
GetMinimumAge()
SetName()
SetID()
SetPrice()
SetMinimumAge()

ComputerGame
Category: STRING
Console: STRING
GetCategory()
GetConsole()
SetCategory()
SetConsole()

Vehicle
Type: STRING
Height: FLOAT
Length: FLOAT
Weight: FlOAT
GetType()
GetHeight()
GetLength()
GetWeight()
SetType()
SetHeight()
SetLength()
SetWeight()

Task 2.2
inheritence means that one class's parameters is directly passed down to its
subclasses.
In the last example, computergame and vehicle are the subclasses of toy.

Task 2.3


